we're going to stop behind an iceberg to
lay low and keep watch at last my first
polar bear he knows we're here and he's
still coming closer
he's either inquisitive or incredibly
bald watching this great bear coming
over closer to me I have to admit my
heart is absolutely racing this male is
twice the size of the fever measuring
about just under three meters from nose
tip to tail and weighing in at a good
600 kilos if he rares up he'll be twice
as high as me and almost 10 times as
heavy but alarming as he keeps coming
towards us
turning on the snowmobile will be enough
to stop him from coming any closer which
is reassuring
he's showing remarkably little fear of
us and now I can see better from only a
few metres away he's neither lessened
probably only about five years old but
still very impressive considering the
size of this vast wilderness were
incredibly lucky to have such a close
encounter with a polar bear thankfully
he doesn't seem to be too interested in
us something else is catching his
attention he's using that great nose of
his to sniff the air most likely hoping
to find a ringed seal he can pick up the
scent of seals hidden in dens under the
ice from over a kilometer away but
that's not what he can smell it's that
female over there with her young my fat
mother and cub Jason's certain she was
not one of our two as we're not in the
right area but still it's a fantastic
sight a young male is a reason for a
mother bear to be wary if he's hungry
enough he may attack her cub
you